before showing how to solve the last
I'll have to show it to you.
how to apply a new formula that is
second form that today is this
formula learned in the rafael channel
siloto whose link I'll leave right here
this way you will be able to apply
hour with the right hand or left
Let's start here with vat that is already
fully assembled just so you
understand the result in such a way that it
modify it so let's start there
first formula by the right hand
then you will rotate considering that the
cube face ok you will turn right
and you're going to turn here to the side
left and then turned left and
sent right
now we'll go back the right side and
send to the left will come back to the side
left and right here
so look what happened to our play
what was that green yellow and red it
came here so it's the piece that was here
From above she came here I said that
she fell
she had to the color red and the color
red went to the left side
Ok, let's see what happened to the
piece that was here that is red and
white with green that part is the look
What happened to the red that was
here and he too
bonbon and he falls to the side then
you look here our letter l
both the piece that is up here
how much the piece that was here
they have red modified to the
right here on the body then
I was on the face went to the side and here the
same thing the red came to the
and what happened to the part that
it was here that the blue and
White, she comes here.
And look how cool this is here.
point of the letter
there she not so good she simply
turned to this piece was here when
we apply formula 1
she did it right and this piece that
it was up here what happened with
she
that's exactly where she did it and
this is not it
Now I'll show you the application of
formula on the left side is the same
way, but starting to look so
left turn right and
right gender manage left
turn left turn up to the
right turn right
the top turn to the left and then look
what happened here is that our l was
modified
she was not notified because she did not
is in the cast
so now we are going to the resolution of the part
upper body
so let's apply the good formula
I can already see that this piece is
so I have two options
apply the formula or here by hand
left
the sl is that on this side
or apply the formula by hand
right with it is that this right side
here I can play this part
Here, this blue will stay here to simulate.
angela ricci to the side and yellow to
I 'm going to be able to put this piece here
Alright then come on, let's see what
will give this strategy here such a spin
left and pushed the right turn to
right push to the left back to
left the right thigh back right
I run to the left
happened I hoped I could
fix this piece now has two
correct parts and now has a condition
here is a special condition where I
have
these two red pieces here turned
to the same side and I have this
good yellow and white we'll do
here in this case we'll get the two
red pieces here the two pieces of
Equal leather could be any other
color but we 'll get the two
pieces of the same color
Let's put it down and now this is it.
here is that the front hub in ok
so this is to work on the blue side
to work on the red side and go
apply the same form again
starting with the right hand turning right
I turn right turn left and pushed
right turn left turn on
now I'm going to take a turn in my body here
clockwise and apply the same
only now with the left hand
I managed to come back, I went back to what
ready our body
If you liked our tutorial click
in our young favorite our video click on
button write register also in
rafael's channel siloto and watch also
our videos we have experiences
very cool like the balloon that makes a
Ring Floating Talking About Optical Fiber
on electricity and magnetism and
you enter our site you will have
all the information in a good way
summarized so that you can choose
better the subject of your personal interest
such was worth a hug and see you soon